in today's video we will run through
2017's drama horror super dark times
teenagers zack and josh have been best
friends their whole lives but when a
gruesome accident leads to a cover-up
the secret drives a wedge between them
and propels him down a rabbit hole of
escalating paranoia and violence
spoilers ahead you have been warned now
like the video and subscribe to the
channel if you enjoy this video
josh templeton and zach taylor are two
best friends who are in high school
they are in zack's room rating the girls
in his school's yearbook
while they are at it they discuss a girl
named alison bannister
both zack and josh are attracted to her
zach seems to like her personality while
josh is physically attracted to allison
the boys go to the supermarket to get
food they meet their friend daryl and a
boy named charlie
they buy the food and try it outside
then they go to a deserted bridge in the
town and stay there for a while
after some time they go their separate
ways zack and josh walk to zack's home
on their way a group of senior bullies
stops them the bullies mention
josh's elder brother who is in the
marines this agitates josh
so he attacks the leader but the bully
is way stronger than josh so he
strangles him
he finally lets him go after a while
zach then takes josh to show him
alison's house
josh asks how he knew the address to
which zach says from their bus route in
middle school
josh tells him about an incident in art
class when alison splurge glue over her
hands
which reminded him of sperm zack then
jokingly shouts penis which wakes
someone at the house
they quickly run away from there they go
to zack's house again
as josh leaves zack's mom tells him that
some girl named alison had called asking
for him
zack is surprised and goes into his room
with the phone to call her back
alison's brother picks up the call he
rudely tells him that allison is not
home
however zack hears her voice in the
background she snatches the phone from
her brother and invites zach and josh to
her birthday party
she is celebrating it at megan's the
following day everyone is in school
zack watches alison talk to her teacher
in the hallways josh disturbs him from
behind and starts talking about
something else
that day after school zack josh and
daryl are at josh's house
they talk about josh's brother being in
the marines when daryl asks josh if he
can see his room
josh's brother's room is filled with
pictures of half-naked girls
daryl jumps on his water bed when he
notices a stash of weed on the side
table
he pleased to josh to try some but josh
refuses saying that his brother will ask
for it when he is back
josh then shows him his brother's katana
sword he liked to collect weapons
the sword is very sharp zack and daryl
watch josh in fascination as he poses
with the sword
josh then suggests they cut milk cartons
with it so they leave for a meadow
nearby
charlie is there too zach and charlie
watch josh cut the water-filled cartons
effortlessly just then zach notices
daryl smoking in the back
when asked what it is he tells him that
it is a cigarette but josh soon realizes
that he had stolen his brother's weed
josh gets extremely mad and asks for it
back
however daryl refuses to give it back
they get into a fight and zack
separates them josh calls daryl names
which further angers him
he attacks josh again they get into a
fistfight josh has the sword in his
hands
as they are fighting josh pushes daryl
the sword stabs him
on his neck everyone there is shocked
daryl falls to the ground and starts
bleeding profusely
in hopes of easing his pain zach pulls
the sword out of his neck but instead
this makes him lose
more blood daryl somehow stands up and
starts to run away from the group
zach and josh rush behind him after a
while they find him lying on the ground
zach goes to check if daryl is still
alive but vomits because of all the
blood
charlie comes there too they decide to
hide the body and the sword and flee
on the way to his house zach punches a
wall in frustration and hurts his fist
at his home allison is waiting for him
with his mom he and alison go into his
room and talk for a while
they are almost about to kiss but stop
midway allison leaves
zach goes to bed the next day at school
zack is anxious
he looks for josh but he has not come to
school after school he goes to see
charlie
charlie however acts like he doesn't
know zack and tells him to not tell
anyone they were ever together
zack then goes to josh's house to check
on him he knocks at the door
but no one opens it when he reaches home
zach's mother asks him if he was with
daryl the day before
daryl's mother had called to inform he
was missing yesterday
she asked zack if he met daryl at josh's
zach lies and says that the whole day he
was at josh's
and daryl was never there zach's mom is
worried to hear the news about daryl's
disappearance
she tells zach to always stay near the
house the next day rumors about daryl's
disappearance spread through the school
the school announces anyone who has seen
daryl report it to the office
zach goes to josh's house again since he
hasn't come to school
josh's mother lets him in zach goes into
josh's room to find them playing video
games
according to zack josh not coming to
school will draw attention to them
he suggests that he come to school the
next day josh tells zach that he has a
hard time falling asleep at night
zach suggests going to the crime scene
again to check on the body but josh
refuses to do so
josh had taken daryl's bag before
running away that day he still has it
with him
he decides to burn it but zack asks him
not to do anything before discussing it
with him
zack then assures josh that it was just
an accident and that they are not a
fault
he then invites him to alison's party
josh doesn't want to come because he is
sick
the following day at class zach falls
asleep he dreams about going to daryl's
body to see that alison is there
naked he kisses her as josh watches them
zack finds out from other students that
josh has come to school
but he is surprised as to why josh
didn't inform zach about coming
he goes to see if josh is really at the
school and sees him through the doors of
the detention class
that night he goes to allison's birthday
he meets megan who tells him that alison
is in the other room
he goes in to see allison and several
other people sitting in a circle
when she sees him she gets up to greet
him and kisses him on the cheek
zack notices that josh is in the room
too as they get seated josh gives
allison a birthday present
she opens it to reveal a stash of weed
zach takes josh aside to talk to him
he inquires about the weed but josh
dismisses it their bully senior john
whitcomb
asks josh to link him with his dealer
josh promises him that he will do it
later
everyone starts smoking at the party
this makes zack feel
out of place so he leaves however alison
stops him outside and tries to convince
him to stay
they almost kiss eventually zach leaves
the party
the next day zach finds out that john
whitcomb died last night
he has fallen from a bridge zach
remembers jon and josh's conversation
from last night
zach talks to alison about john after
school she writes her number on his
bandage
he also walks her home she kisses his
forehead and asks zach to come inside
but he doesn't answer
frustrated she goes inside when zack
gets home that day his mother is out
he listens to a voice message from her
that says she will be home late
taking this chance he goes to the place
where they had buried daryl
after removing some leaves from the top
of his body zack finds daryl's decaying
corpse
but the katana sword is gone he quickly
goes back to his house and calls allison
to get charlie's number
he calls him and tells him that josh
might have killed john whitcomb zach
thinks that josh has taken the sword and
also killed jon charlie is too scared to
talk about daryl
he tells zach never to call him again
later that night
zach's mom comes home with josh zach
takes josh outside and asks about the
missing sword
they get into an argument after which
josh leaves zack's mom is worried about
him after john's death
the next day zach goes to josh's house
he notices that
no one is home so he takes the keys from
under the doormat and sneaks into the
house
zach quickly searches for the sword in
josh's room however he doesn't find it
he then uses zac's phone and checks his
recent calls he is surprised to find
allison's number on it
zach has a feeling that alison is in
trouble he quickly goes to her house
her brother answers the doorbell and
tells him she is at megan's
meanwhile at megan's josh knocks on the
door and is received by the girls
he has brought the sword with him it is
wrapped around in a towel
he tells the girls that it is a surprise
zach rushes to megan's house
josh offers the girls some weed he gives
it to them for free
the girls are still unaware of the sword
they go into megan's room to smoke it
they offer josh to smoke as well but he
tells him that he doesn't
after allison asks him what is in the
towel he finally removes it to reveal
the sword to them
megan is in awe she starts posing and
playing with it
meanwhile allison is on the bed smoking
josh ii
smokes zach however is in the street
searching for megan's home
he runs around the street looking for it
and finally finds it
he then sneaks in without making a noise
he takes a little shovel from a table in
case someone attacks him
he then carefully goes upstairs to
megan's room as he opens the door
he sees a dead megan lying on the bed in
the pool of her own blood
meanwhile alison sits in the corner of
the room with her hands tied
josh calmly looks at himself in the
mirror he notices zach when he opens the
door further
he quickly closes it from the inside
zach tries to break it but
can so he rushes to the street to call
for help no one hears him
he breaks into the room through the
windows when he enters the room
josh runs outside alison and megan are
still there
zach unties allison and tells her
everything will be okay
he then slowly moves downstairs looking
for josh he attacks him through the
hallways with his sword and almost kills
him
zach gets severely injured and starts to
bleed when he tries to persuade josh
into giving in
he reminds him that they are best
friends josh on the other hand doesn't
listen
and chases him outside to the streets
just as josh stabs zach with the sword
a neighbor intervenes police cars arrive
at the scene
and paramedics check zach's injuries
josh is in one of the police cars
it is a few months later allison is back
at the school
the movie ends as we see three healed
scars on the back of her neck
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see
more of these movie summaries